# Kant's Universal History for a Cosmopolitain Purpose
### What is Kant's Conception of Universal History?
For Kant, it seems that our human nature has been directing us throughout history to fufill a purpose. So by looking at the patterns of human development, we can understand this purpose and how we are being driven towards it by our nature. A key part about Kant's conception is that it is universal. It comes from the species as a whole and not any particular person or group, and as a result, this progress also applies to everyone in the human species.

### What drives our history for Kant?

For Kant, our nature drives us to progress, specifically the unsocial sociability that is a part of our human nature. For Kant, we are sociable; we come together to form associations in societies in order to feel more human, in order to achieve the ends and goals that are unachievable in complete isolation. However, we are also unsociable, we often want to get our own way, we want to be free from the constraints and dependence that come with sociability. These two contrasting parts of our nature are what make up unsocial sociability. Kant thinks that this unsocial sociability drives us to engage in things like war and conflict, but it also drives us to progress as a species. If we have a disdain for others whom we cannot leave, we strive to get our own way among these people, we start find ways to seek power and status. However, through seeking this power and status, we also develop our human faculties in ways that would not be possible if we lived in peace and concord.

Kant thinks that our nature guides us to create a perfectly just civil order. You can conceive of this as a state which allows us to live together peacefully without conflict. The problem with our unsocial sociability is that it leads us to war and conflict with one another. The freedom that comes without the restrictions of a state allows for these conflicts to occur. However, living in constant fear of death at the hands of another is not a sustainable way to live. Therefore, Kant thinks that at a certain point, humans have to use our reason to create a just civil order, within which we are free within the limits of certain universal laws. Kant describes this as similar to a forest, where trees are free to grow but constrained by the growth of other trees and plants around them. However, through this restriction, all the trees in the forest can flourish. In contrast to a tree in complete isolation without any constriction, which grows stunted, bent, and twisted.

A key part of all of this is that it is our job to create this civil order; it is not promised to us, and we can only create it by seeing how our nature has been guiding us. An acorn's goal is to turn into an oak tree, but if you just put an acorn on a table and tell it to grow, you're just a fool. You have to give it the conditions for the acorn to reach its potential. In the same way, our nature has given us the potential to create this perfectly just state, however we still need to provide the conditions for it to happen, and that comes from our ability to reason.

Okay, a few more things, Kant thinks that even after unsocial sociability is moulded for the benefit of us all within a just civil state. The issues of unsocial sociability (war and conflict) will still appear between states. So it seems we need to create an international order of some kind to avoid this as well. What he means by this isn't the most clear in the world but you can probably imagine some order and universal laws (akin to what i previously mentioned) which allows all states to flourish instead of destroying each other (so not some singular world state, but a collection of republics working together).
